OPERA TV STORE EMULATOR

Description
The Opera TV Emulator allows web developer to test HTML5 and CE-HTML content for TVs and other appliances running the Opera Devices SDK 4.x (For SDK 3.x emulation use Opera TV Emulator 3.4), as well as HTML-based applications for the Opera TV Store.
It is created as an extension for the Opera 23+ Desktop browser.

Features
Overscan - be able to see how your app looks like when overscan occurs
Default CSS TV colors
Remote control widget is enabled all the time and is located on the bottom of the screen. It is possible to hide it, when clicking in dash icon.
Functional key mappings - VK_KEY button emulation, including directional, enter, back and colour buttons (r,g,b,y)
Draggable popup with information appears when window.close function is called
localStorage disabled - when localStorage is used error popup appears

Installation
Download the latest version of the Opera TV Store Emulator extension for Opera
open extensions tab
drag&drop extension on extensions tab
After the installation is finished you can check "Allow access to file URLs" to emulate local files - e.g file://foo/bar/index.html

Manual

After a successful installation of the Opera TV Store Emulator extension, a small icon of the extension will be available in the URL bar in the top right corner.

To use navigation, keys with keyboard follow the mapping below. Other keys (color keys, playback control keys etc.) are only accessible from remote control widget.
Left - left arrow
Right - right arrow
Up - up arrow
Down - down arrow
Back - backspace key
Enter - Enter

Notice
SDK 4.x and Opera desktop are both Blink based.
In order to simulate Spatial Navigation run Opera browse from command line using arg "enable-spatial-navigation
H.264 support will be available in Opera version 25 which is planned to be released in October 2014. For the moment you can try to turn it on as an experiment option called "Proprietary media types"
Chromium versions installed on real devices is 35 while Chromium version in your Opera browser is higher. Because of that some in-compatibilities may occur. (you may register in on Opera TV Store forum)


